So we have like a website that there are like a database of people that are interested in H-one B jobs. And we are systematically have a data collector that goes and gets those profiles and they can easily just drop them into a portal so that we can populate that quickly. So they just can copy a a profile of my visa jobs, copy and paste it into like a little portal. Next thing you know, it ends up on this sheet, which is the, my visa job sheet. So when we look at candidates main and like, I'm just going to everything, like you really want to look at this list. I'm just basically showing how everything is, uh, populated. That's weird. I'm just supposed to be here. Oh, there it is. Right. So. this main sheet is populated by the data miner and hopefully soon we'll have more than one just putting profiles into this into the portal so once they get in here they're put into the queue to be included in a linkedin reach out Right now, the LinkedIn reach out is happening through my account, but it could be switched that it goes through multiple accounts. It could go through yours, right? And that's where that, it has like a drip to it that has like a message every day, likes a post, something like that. And that's how I get people in my LinkedIn box. But that also can be put to your LinkedIn box. And as you can see, we have a lot of activity. Like, you know, we have like, fifty leads that I showed you, and we only went through seven hundred. Like in this one, like we only went through seven hundred people and of that, fifty are like, oh, shoot, they already hit us back. So the want and desire is there for a lot of the people. Now, in addition to these people that we find, there's people that go to the website and also Ryan has his own searches. So Ryan will do like kind of what you were talking about, where he'll do a Boolean search and then he'll pull his own list. and then like have it going through there too. So sometimes you like when you see the emails, we didn't have their email addresses because that might not have been a person that we found. That could have been a person that Ryan found. What's Ryan's last name? I want to look him up on LinkedIn. L-U-C-E. L-U-C? L-U-C-E is his last name. Like Luce? L-U-C-E? Luce. I'm going to reach out to him and maybe just set up like a fifteen minute like just say hello. You don't mind if I do that, of course. Nope. Yeah. So we got that then. And so that's the that's when we're going out finding people and then they hit them up on LinkedIn and they say that they're interested or, you know, maybe they don't. And then Ryan has his searches that he goes and brings them in, like usually know we're looking for specific things and we have their scores of usually how it's supposed to be now i need to send yusuf this message because we have a lot like i'm actually just gonna send it right now i'm gonna say in main candidate in direct evaluation the api is not working all the time so The scoring is not happening like I would want it to. That's something that you just get used to. It's always a process. Never works a hundred percent how you would like it to go. I forgot what tool this is. Oh, that's a scoring. Yeah. Okay. The scoring column for AM main and direct candidates have a lot of missing scores still right so there's that um the other place that we might get candidates is from um we do We do like LinkedIn jobs. Like we'll put a job on LinkedIn that basically says like, Hey, we have this thing going on with like, Oh ones and people will apply to that. But the standards for it are so like high that it automatically like kind of gives them the rejection message. And the rejection message is to go to the website and put it in inquiry. So sometimes they'll come from that, um, the, the LinkedIn ads. And then, um, we also have a company we hired to do, um, paid advertising. on Facebook or Google ads. I think they're doing on Google ads. And so that should be kicking in soon because they were pretty expensive. So I hope that they're getting their stuff together. Matter of fact, let me email them and make sure the money is not going to waste. Do you have a way to post the job On LinkedIn, we call RECs evergreen RECs. They're like ongoing where you can get a repository of people applying. Like someone can apply for like an O-one visa, but you could weed them out with qualifying questions. So they're actually qualified leads for an O-one because everyone's qualified to get one. It's like they can apply for that job, but they may not get it yet. I'm just wondering how you can maybe, because like you're saying, like it's like an indirect way of getting them, but do they feel duped at all? Because it's not really like a... it's kind of like an indirect way to get them. And I'm just wondering if you can put in there, fill out this, it's an application for an old one. You're going to ask them questions and then get like leads, but I guess they come with your inbox regardless. Right. I'm not sure. Right. I don't know. It's one of those things. It's not the main way that we get, you know, people to hit us up, but it does. create some value. In the jobs, it says what it is. It's not saying it's a job. It says, hey, we're here to help people from our H-one-Vs. That just happens to be the platform we put it in. But in the job posting itself, it says that. It's not saying, hey, we're hiring for a computer scientist this much money. It says, hey, we're a talent agency that does this, this, and this. And then so the people that apply generally know that. Where is this guy? I don't think his name. I think his name. Oh my God, that thing was like forwarded like forty times. I almost got nauseous. I saw that thing in dream. Yeah, I think it's an automation gone wrong. Got a muck. Yeah, oh there it is. Go mega date that AI. Yeah. Let's see. Please send over your latest ideas. Around December twenty third. Alright, so let me just run to him. Hello. The ads have been running for a week or so. Is there any positive activity? And we've got it on your other notes. We will be prepared for December. All right. So let's keep them on their toes. Now, what's the other place? So then people can come from the website. And yeah, that's pretty much where these come from. So now you're asking a question of what part of the process are you coming in? And that's where it's just like, it kind of depends. Like, you know, of course we have the leads that one respond to us and hopefully, you know, can respond to you direct on your LinkedIn from having a duck soup campaign. Um, you know, you just let us know, or you can let Ryan know and he knows how to set that up. But that, that I think is good because then people don't have the expectations of talking to me from the get go. um this would be great are most of the applicants like maybe it's a tough it would be easy for you to answer if you're talking about o and p visas remember we're not talking about p visas okay okay so all the visas that we talk about okay let's say we're talking about the um the phd ones okay we only do one we only do oh once Okay, so O-ones. The majority of them, are they coming out of India? Not particularly. Where do they come from? Where do you see the most in the world coming from? Well, it's not that. We choose where we go get them from. So we try to find out where their skill set and money. So that can change with just letting Ryan know. We go find people. They're not finding us. Unless I guess like the paid advertising like starts coming in, but like right now we're picking into, like, you know, like I said, in the beginning, I showed you the list that we went and got ourselves and then said that Ryan is manually putting his own searches in. So, so it's not like we, we can be pick and choose where the leads come from. Does that make sense? Yeah. I, I thought that like, you know, like that guy from India, I thought if there's people there. that are looking to come here with PhDs for like research and development and stuff. I thought that maybe the majority are coming from a certain country where you can run certain things or whatever, but I didn't. Yeah. If you're looking for them, you could, cause again, most people in India, they may not have money there, but they may have more money if you go to like the UK or a much more thriving country with financial. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. So like, you know, as we're learning, uh, we're adjusting where we're getting them from, you know what I mean? And then, you know, sometimes people find us, but the ones that we find, you know, we like them the best because like, we know that they're usually qualified and they're coming from, you know, places that, that makes sense to go. Um, and we try to do as much prequalification. So is this the one where people, oh yeah. So the part we're supposed to get in is we talked about where people come from and your original question was about, okay, at what point do I come in and what am I trying to get them to do? All right. So then we can ask you for your style. Like, so, you know, on your list, you'll see like the leads that we have that express interest. They'll be like right here. And then like, you'll be taking these off or approving them as, you know, you'll be taking them off or like keeping them on as you talk to them. Right. And so there's that list. Now, you might be like, OK, we'll share it. I kind of like contacted them today. It's like, OK, well, that's the case. Then you can do like the other type of outreach where there's people that are in the candidate sheet with high scores. And you say like, hey, you know, we looked you up and qualified you and see that, you know, you can just be proactive if you feel like it. You know what I mean? But this is this list that gets on yours for here are people that already express interest, either from like the LinkedIn or they found us online or find its way here. So what am I trying to if they already press interest? What is my main priority? Like my what am I trying to find out from them? Number one, if they're interested, they're interested. But am I trying to find out, hey, are they viable financially? And that's the main part. And am I qualifying them? What are some other things post the money? They're like, I got money, whatever. What other things am I trying to get accomplished? Then just get them the information that they need to make their decision. Right. So you'll provide me with that so I can craft my own outreach. Yeah. Like, and I said, like, I'll have a whole chat box that you, you know, you can use to like about the products and stuff like that that you can use to do that as well. You know, as opposed to like, you know, in addition to like when we meet up and stuff. So we'll have no shortage of stuff to do there. Okay. You know, like, you know, and I'll just go real quick and see, like, look, there's a data engineer, two X certified. You can see they're pretty good. This one's an H one B holder. So now they might be worried about if they have flexibility. Legal. Okay. So I'm going to say, sorry, if someone's an H one B, could they segue on an H one B to an O one? Yes. And they're already here, but is that still the same thing? Even if they're anywhere in the world, but if they're here already, there's no advantage to being here already besides travel, like to get here cost-wise. They got to pay the same ten thousand to do the same petitioner? Correct. Okay. But the advantage is they're already here in the States, which you don't have to travel to get here. That's correct. Okay. They get a change from H-B to O-B. And by the way, from the financial side, wouldn't it be advantageous to go to like a very rich oil country like Dubai? Because the finances are always there because they give each child born, they probably give a hundred thousand to the family. But is that a place where you do a lot of business? Because that would be a very rich place to go where education is getting much better. And like a lot of people do go there. All right. I'll show you. So this is one thing that's ongoing with effort that could actually use some help too. which is getting referral sources that are in Dubai to send us the people. Have you been there? I have. It looks gorgeous there. It looks crazy. Yeah, I love it. I'm trying to get back. Oh, let me manage. I think I'm going to manage my job post. You can still see this, right? So this is an initiative that needs help like right now because we have, ooh, I think that's the wrong account. yeah i think so bear with me please and the police drive like lamb um they drive like um not lamborghini they drive those crazy sports cars because they want to be basically no one to outrun the police it's crazy oh yeah i know supposed to jobs i don't know why this is taking so long let's go let's go message Because I don't have drafts in here. Do you hire technical people for your company as well? We're all set there. Okay. Okay. So look, we actually have two of these. I spent a bunch of money. All right. So here we have the senior AI consultant that basically says their advisor, like, so we've been looking for technical recruiters in Dubai and we have like, almost two hundred applicants for this. You see that kind of you know, like our spill, like what needs to be done is to kind of like and I have like a I have like a sheet that they could fill out that basically says like what what their what their network is like. And it's like, we'll pay you a referral fee for finding us people like in Dubai. But some of the people that applied are actual people that want the visa themselves. Right. So that's one thing I put, I could actually use help on is managing this. Yeah, because I can use the qualifying questions for them also. That's cool because the referral program for them, all they're going to do is they're going to kick you hot leads because they're going to be incentivized. And instead of you looking to search for people, they're going to generate auto leads from human beings to you. And they can actually qualify them on their end to make sure they're viable. And they just do the heavy lifting and they get paid and we get the people we qualify and set them right in. That's cool. Yeah, so what I'll do is I'm going to send a message to Jonalyn, who's the admin in Philippines. I got a little spread thin, like with this. But OK, Jonalyn. Yeah, that's cool. And I can go through, like I said, your account and do that. How many emails do you have? Do you have a lot? What do you mean? If I reach out to them, Actually, it's only one recruiter. I could set up a Zoom call and explain to them the referral type program, and then off they go, right? I mean, we don't need emails and stuff like that. We have their emails. They apply to the job. So we have their emails and phone numbers. And then we could set up a video call, I'm saying, and then set them up with the referral program, and off they go sending people back. That's correct. Okay, perfect. We have a new performance on this initiative. And I'll say, I am spread thin. You wrote then. Oh. Sorry. I don't want you to say that. And by the way, if you could set up like ten, fifteen partners there, dude, that could be a gravy train worth its weight in gold. Yep. I can set up a goal for myself in the first quarter of next year to make sure we sign like maybe ten agencies or specific recruiters. And we got to figure out What is a good number for referrals? Because sometimes people laugh and you give them a referral fee because we think it's good, but we have no idea. There's no metrics for us to figure out what's a good referral fee for them, right? We have no idea. We'll start at a five hundred and see. I mean, I'm not sure, like ten thousand. So maybe I can ask them, by the way, have you done this with other agencies? Yeah. What's a good have you got? Yeah, that'd be helpful. Hey, I'll get I'll get some insight. Now, if they lie, I'll do other ones, do like a little bit of a study. Because once one lies, I'll say, hey, someone told me you guys do whatever. And they'll say, no, no, I get a lot more and a lot less. But yeah, we'll weed through it quickly. Yeah. Then there's a form. I literally knew the jobs. You've got a lot of things going on. If we can actually get through all this and have these gravy trains coming in, I think we can both put our feet on the desk and just count our money. Dude, I'm impressed. You've got a lot of good shit going on. You've got to put some lassos and some harnesses on these horses running. And keep me away from the people. I'm your consigliere. I got you. Keep me away from them. Keep you away from the people. You're like turning agoraphobic while you grow your business. That's good. That's what I'm looking for. Ah, shit. I don't know where those things are. No, no, no. It's not that. Okay, so let me see if they're on the job candidate sheet. This is where they should be, but I don't think John Lynn was doing her job. She has a lot going on, honestly. So I'm not even all that mad. Yeah, she looks like she didn't get those jobs on here. Remember you said it was going slow? Look on top. It says peak traffic on AI clips. Clips generation is high demand. You may notice longer processing times or occasional timeouts. Is that why it's moving slower? Because it's telling you. Yeah. Yeah, it looks like they have their AI in the background. When you get done with these things, you can have it automatically split it up to make social media posts out of it. So it must be a lot of people doing that, which creates a lot of havoc on their back end. Can you ask your chat, hey, can you pull up my spreadsheet on so-and-so? Can it do that, like an admin, or do you have to manually do all that? Oh, so you're asking the chat, like can it pull up information about a specific person? Like if you say, yeah, can you pull up on spreadsheet, let's say innovative, whatever, can you pull up a person named Srinivasi Vikrav? Could it actually pull up that sheet and highlight it, or is that? No. that would be amazing if you like hey brett can you get me information on so-and-so he's in dubai and or i could just ask chad they could pull up the immediately like that would be cool uh yeah i'd have to build that um i'd have to talk to a developer that and see um i mean yeah i mean it's certainly possible anything that's on a spreadsheet can be pulled um back up you just have to see how to set it up but i will like i said this will come up in the transcript and so i'll put that there um i'm trying to figure out Let me I think the best way might do it if I sent it to her this way. Jonalyn. Updated messages to send out. Recruiter form URL. Alright. Request access sent. I'm assuming this form should be public. OK. Request access. Please. Okay. So let's see if this works. Recruit a form. All right. So this is the form that it felt like that we wanted the recruiters to fill out. And it could even be something to like where you're on the phone with them and you fill it out like for them. You know what I mean? Because that lets us know where they are. If I was speaking to someone saying Dubai, this is the form I would have them fill out. Yeah. Yeah. About this. Yeah. And it's like seven sheets of questions, but it's only like this much. It should really only take them like seven minutes to do it. You know what I mean? But if you talk to somebody and you get a sense of their network and they don't need to do that, like you said, it's a lot more about people things. But I made this before I had people things. I sent it to my admin like, hey, can you just send this to all of them? You know what I mean? Just so we can see who's willing to put in the work and all that. But if they're actually calling and you can see that they are good, because even if they aren't good, but they're getting paid commission anyway, at least there's no harm or foul to us. What I would suggest for that kind of thing, if you have agency people, like let's say you send out a, I put a post in there, you know, to like, let's say I send it to a lot of people, whatever, in Dubai, whatever. And you have them set up a time to speak with me, you know, prior to your meeting, prior to your meeting with me, here's a sheet. Fill it out. It's just partner information we need. And then let them do it. Because if you're on the phone with them doing it, guess what? You're wasting seven minutes of time. I could be doing other things for seven minutes to help further push the needle in other projects. I'm a firm believer of let them do the work. If they want to work with us, let them put in the sweat equity. You know, I don't like this. I'm just saying I don't mind filling it out for them. But at the end of the day, yeah, like when they put in equity, then yeah, that's why it's about it, too. You can see who's here. If they can't fill out the form, they're probably not going to be easy to do. It's a test, but it's also good for us not to waste our own time. So if they want to meet with us, let them fill out a seven sheet form and fill it out and be serious about it, because if they want to make commission and they're hungry and they have a big network. They're going to do it. And if they do it, I'd rather take ten agencies that are good and fill out the form than twenty five that are going to be pains and asses and waste our time. Mm hmm. Should be public. All right. So I know that should be public. And I'm going to finish up. I have to actually go. My son's mother just text me and I need to go get her a new battery. So there's that. And by the way, tomorrow is Thursday. By the way, the Rams play the Seahawks tomorrow. It's a great freaking game for me. I'm loving it. If you want, like tomorrow, if you want to continue what we're doing with this, I'm going to wake up tomorrow, and I'm going to start going through all the modules first thing in the morning. I'll make whatever questions I have or whatever. We'll talk about it. And then I think – If there's anything I can do on my own side, I might not be able to grasp anything on Friday to start being on cruise control. But if I have to, piecemeal it on Monday, Tuesday. I don't want you to start paying me, let's say, full-time money on Monday or Tuesday if I can't hit the ground running. I don't mind doing a couple hours here until I'm comfortable. I'd like to start full-time with you. If it has to even be the next week so you're not wasting money on me full-time, I don't want to take your money if I can't start. I want to start when I can actually start doing – even if it's one task to start mobilizing and moving forward. So, Don't feel like I'm not going anywhere and I don't need the money in my pocket full time. I'm not jumping off a bridge financially. So do your thing. Life's going to keep lifing, as we say. Tomorrow, I'll start doing my stuff. Keep in touch with me. Let me know what your schedule is so we can continue what we're doing here. If you could just slow it down a little for me, don't feel rushed because the more you talk fast, the more I got to process this. And it's a lot. I'm good at it. But you're like me. We're high octane. I just need you to maybe slow down the cadence a little because you may have to repeat this a lot if you go too fast. I don't want you to be annoyed with me with that. And then listen, give me a module to do. If it starts with me doing the Dubai stuff first, cause that would be really cool to see those people start sending leads in for me. Um, whatever I get commissioned on, we'll make it black and white. So I know what I'm doing and I don't have to make commission on every person at the beginning, but let's make a framework for that. And then the harder ones, we can slow it down and then we'll work. So, um, Let me get the modules done so I can make sure I know that I want product knowledge first and I don't want to start getting paid. So talk to your investors. Obviously, like I said, next week, whenever the offer comes, we'll work it out. I'm not in a major rush. Get all your troops lined up. I'll meet some of the team members in the meantime. So we have some synergy so they know who I am. I like to meet my teammates because I like to build my own relationships with them. i'll get an idea of what they do and how they do it so i can take questions off your hand as well people i'm a people so i want you to be kept away from me too you know what i'm saying they can train me on certain things it's off your lap too and i i i want to do that for you as well um and i just noticed you have a divide folder on there which is ironic that's what i was asking about i just realized you have a divide like a spreadsheet on there uh which one There's a Dubai sheet on your toolbar. I just noticed it just now. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I couldn't see it. It's so small. I know. Size matters, bro. I guess so. You got to get her a battery for her phone or a car? A car. Wow. Get her an electric car. All right. They're so cheap and there's no gas, but you got to get the two thousand dollar charger. And she. I don't I don't know how many tools you have. so if you want to prioritize maybe what seats i need to uh that you have that i have you know again if you have the ambient seats whatever the cost we'll work it out i'm not really worried about every seat i need the mandatory minimum so you don't go overboard but um do need to figure out what i need like the duck suit thing's fine i don't i was worried about linkedin but if i don't need to do outreach i'm fine i can use your account for that but eventually as i'm reaching people in this business i i anticipate hopefully working here for a long time i'm going to eventually need even if it's a linkedin account that's maybe recruiter light where i have like in mails a month because once you connect with somebody and they accept it it's all free in mails But I want to start connecting to people in this industry so I can build my own personal network. But I don't mind using yours to start because I can reach out for you with my link and I'll have my email on my profile. And then I can start sending out, pushing out social media stuff to get you on the map with these people. And I'll also start to look for Dubai groups, Dubai specialists. And I'll get involved saying, know we're looking for partners for the united states they love to hear united states people and do what we're doing do you have any athletes or any high big wigs in dubai that you've worked with that we can leverage uh uh yeah well they know all the cricket people so i'll send you a list of the cricket people and there's a businessman named shaji who's like a billionaire over there in dubai i never knew that yeah And do people like from England where cricket's big in India, but do they all, a lot of these cricket bigwigs, do they become stars again? Like Messi was kind of phasing out of the real, like all these like real premier leagues, but now he's like a star because he's coming here and he can dominate again. Do people like that get phased out of cricket, go to Dubai and become a star again? Yeah, they have leagues for the older people. All right. So let's see if we can leverage those. Listen, I'm a big firm believer in you've earned the right to leverage these people. Don't let it go to waste because they're in your sweet spot now. And you know what? If you've helped them, they are more than willing to help you, but they won't offer it unless you ask. That is correct. And you know what they say? No. They say no. Great. You don't know unless you ask. I'm a sales guy. You can hear no. Don't assume no. Let them tell you no. I agree with you on that one. All right. So I'll close this one out. Thank you for the time. I'll do the work on my end. And then what I tend to do is like, I'll hit you in the morning, but maybe I can even, I'll set stuff up for the Dubai partners calls, because that could be a good way to go in without doing the leads. And then maybe I'll try to find some time to call some leads back that might still be up so that you can hear me talk to them in response. Even if you didn't have a good