Let's see. OK, it looks like the Internet is good, too. All right. So I'm saying this is shared and Brett and we're doing the initial rundown of the whole kind of process, how the business development works on the talent side of things. And we're going to start from the website, the two basic products that we offer and then go through our tools and where we do it. All right. So as an introduction. So when it gets to transcript, it knows what we're talking about. All right, so here's our website where we bring everybody into. And this is where we're dealing with the talent, and it has our basic things we do. One is for people that are already eligible for O-one visas, they can pay us. Ten thousand dollars is what it counts, which includes us serving as petitioner and filing the O-one visa. Now, if they happen to get denied, well, We really only do that for people who are really confident that they don't need anything else, right? So those are the ones that we're really going after. That's the main one we can use because it's instant cash for the business. We don't have to like get it over time or anything like that. Now, if they do want to do a payment plan, we can. I think it's two thousand, two thousand a month, but we don't file like we'll keep like building it up. But we don't file until they get to I think it's twelve thousand for that. Like it's a little bit more for that. As it should be, because like, you know, we're taking more time to do it. So people that do that, what they get is they get the O one filing will service their petitioner. Will help with our itinerary as far as. Like, so we build tools will like, come with a code project that we're working on or throw them on a project that we're already working on. So that way, even if they're not employed, they can show they still have something to do in the United States. Right. And then also what we'll do for this is and this is one thing I'm going to build because I've been seeing the responses because we're going to make a separate Web site that's like this, but it's just for like a talent pool. So we won't have their name, but we'll have like their characteristics. And then employers can come in and kind of search and see like, oh, we like this one. And then they'll be able to click and say we're interested when they click that they're interested. It'll automatically make an interest letter on behalf of that person. So like, say, like, you know, we're engaged with Meta and somebody from MetaHR is like, oh, we kind of like this one. We like this, like this one. It automatically says a letter says Meta said they're interested in this person. And so that way, when we go to file their visa, we can say all these three companies have already expressed interest in hiring them. Yeah. Are you going to turn that into a SaaS model or no? Like memberships for the companies or that's a little bit. Yeah. But at first, we're going to give it away for free. That's the hook. That's the hook. And it's also the hook for getting people to get into the program. Because what we're seeing is people are like, oh, I don't want to file my O-one until I have a job offer. It's like, well, we can't get you a job offer. You don't have a visa, but we can maybe get you these interest letters because it doesn't tie the company into actually doing something. It just says we're interested in paying, you know, having this person engagement. So no, we know offer from the employer, but the other person can see that they do have employers that are there for them if they get their visa approved. And the key is transitioning every person where they're ready to do something like this or not. Getting that talent pool is gold because you build that pool up. It makes it more valuable. Right. And so then the pool becomes valuable for both the employers that we can hopefully sell subscriptions to or say like, hey, you can just be involved in this for free. Go around and click and it creates interest letters. And then when we file the visa, you're covered because it's contemplated that they'll be working for you. Right. So then you won't be like, well, we don't we didn't see in your petition that they'd be working for us. It's like, no, it's in there because you click interest and we put that interest letter in their package. Your parse was passive and active. Was that passive and active in the pool? Like people that are passive, like they're on a job, but they're passive looking or ones that are active where like an employee. Oh, yeah. That's something we could easily put in. How do you happen if someone's working somewhere else? Is there a time frame that's different from a passive person or someone who's ready to go? Can you transition a passive person in the same timeline as someone who's active? Yes. OK. Yeah. Because like even even if they get approved for a visa, they can include their current employer in there. Oh, yeah. So they could just include it as part of their itinerary. They can also have their own business that they want to do as part of their itinerary. And then like the people that they get interest letters for. So even if they have they come to the table with employers, we're just like, oh, we'll give a code for your employer to go in there. They can go find your profile, click an interest letter or just give us an interest letter and then we'll add it. Would an employer ever say you can't do that on the side because it's a conflict of interest? That never happens. Well, that's something they'd have to figure out. Like, you know, so they probably know if their employer doesn't want them doing that i don't know if it was like they don't have to know or they will never know but if there is they can say look oh no no yeah the employer can't stop them from getting their o one and like going about their business okay that's legality i'm new to this so i know the question yeah yeah yeah you still have to come in front right so yeah that yeah they can they're free to go get their o one and go do stuff now if they come back to their employer and say like hey i'm on o one now do you want to be Included and they're like, no, you can't do that. It's just like, well, you can't stop me, but I guess you can fire me from my job. That's the first right of refusal to stay or go, but they can at least bring it to their attention. Right. Yeah. So that is the nutshell of the ten thousand dollars. So this includes filing fees. So on top of this, that's just our fee. And then then they can choose their filing fee where they want to do the regular or the premium. Now, if they ask what happens if we get denied, what happens is we just have a repackaging fee. which is either five hundred or a thousand, depending on how complicated it is, like when we get their feedback back. And they could always do that, you know, and just pay their filing fees. So it's not like we ever leave them hanging dry if they don't get the decision that they want to get. All right. So then the other one That they can do is the building their profile. So, say, if they're not ready yet for a, but they are an that comes up to and they want to get there. We have a program that helps them build that profile. So, we have a contractor that will actually help them get publications and things like that. And what we do is we allow them to help build on the. the projects that we're doing so that's where the athletes come in like we're built we go to the athletes and say especially the ones we're already in process of doing visas it's like it helps them when we have like we're building an app together so like we're building an app together you know this amount of revenue if it have some goes to you but it's really just so that you have something that you can say you're working on even if you're not fighting or if you're not driving your car or something like that you know what i mean so that's but when the people in the program work on that now they can put that in their visa petition i helped build a punching app with francis and gano the the champion of the world i love francis yeah he got scrimmed on the uh button or dana white screws everybody but yeah well he says he is interested in going back but i don't think dana likes him too much he wants to fight john jones at the uh white house i love john jones too but he won't let him go there Now, here's my question. When you're talking about the athletes, like the whole building something, like the NBA couldn't be your client where you're bringing them athletes? What? No, we're not in the athlete representation. Okay, that sounds like it. Okay. No, I'm saying like there's athletes, they have their own thing and yeah. Yeah. Yeah, athlete management. We leave that to the managers. What we're saying is we're just helping build their itinerary. They come to us like You're helping them get here in the story. Yeah, we help them get there. But part of helping them get there, they need stuff in their itinerary, especially fighters, because if they don't have a fight, a lot of times the USCIS is denying them, saying they don't have anything to do in the United States because they don't have a fight. But if they are saying, if they're on O-One, they don't have to fight. They can do something else. A lot of them don't have anything to do. So it's just like, OK, look, you're building an app with us. Just get on a meeting every month. and we'll make a track record we'll put a website up for whatever we're working on now it might actually get done it might not it's not the point the point is it's like you can show us yes you're actively working on something and no money's going out so like you're getting paid a certain revenue of it and a lot of times you know they have users so it's easy for them to make money no matter even if the app is shitty you can justify it yeah so that's what that is but yeah the actual like No, because like say for your things, like you have to have a license to technically do MBA stuff. And it's just like, then they get confused. They don't know the difference between an agent and manager. So, yeah, I just try to be like, I like to deal with them. I don't even like to talk to them. I like talking to Francis, but I don't really even like talking to him because they think then you're like their mother. Scholars are better because they listen more than they speak and they don't have attitudes. Some of them do actually. But no, really, that's not it. You could take it and get them right into some of these schools and stuff. It's cool. I think we'll jump over to the ATS. And you built this? Yeah, I built this. This one is on Google Sheets. So how are we getting people to come in? So one is we have this website called My Visa Jobs where we know that these are people that are looking for H-I-Bs. And we can find their profiles by bullying search. So I have Jonalyn who's in the Philippines and she'll, she, her, and sometimes we have somebody else. They're like probably at a clip of two hundred, three hundred a day are taking these profiles and throwing them into this portal that puts them onto this sheet. Right. Which is this candidate's main. And so as they put it into the portal, it just populates this. Do you have pre-screening questions so people don't get on there if they're not qualified? Well, Jonalyn's people, people aren't doing this. This is the people that we, she finds and puts on here. Okay. Yeah. So it's not like, this is not people looking for us. This is us finding. This is outreach. Yeah, this is, this is, yeah, this is outreach. These are self leads. Yeah. These are self leads. I need her to be doing more than this. We need like thousands. So I've actually put in a FOIA request to see if I can just get the whole list. Like, cause all this, all this, my visa jobs that they just did a FOIA request and got all that information. So. But until then, they're carefully going through this. I like to see this at a couple thousand. I need another data miner to come get this. But they're looking for these. And what happens is once it gets on this, it automatically starts doing the drip for the LinkedIn. It'll go and add them and start sending them messages. Now, Ryan, who's in Indiana, he's also doing his own Boolean searches that'll put people into LinkedIn Sales Navigator. Right. So if he's doing this on Duck Soup and then like there's three accounts going, you know, it starts getting a lot of hits. Now you can see there's only seven hundred. accounts in that particular one that we got. But when I started, when I go to show you the messages, like the clip that they're hitting saying, yes, we're interested is pretty damn high for what it is. You know what I mean? How far behind you on the ones that want information? Uh, it's not great. Yes. It's like, it's already a problem because I can't make the meetings. So yeah, you need a horse like myself. Right now. But so I say like right now there's probably like two to three meetings like per day, just based off that maybe twelve hundred people in a pipeline. Now this is what else is happening. Now there's about to be a Google campaign that's done by like a real professional AI folks. So that's going to start going. Then I'm starting to post jobs on LinkedIn that basically say, as they apply, they're put to the thing that says like, hey, you want to owe one? It sends them through the whole system again. And then we have some other kind of unique things that we're going to start doing on Instagram that are going to all drive this. So even like this two to three day thing, I think within four weeks will probably be ten, twenty, you know, and it's going to be finely tuned of those ten minute meetings like per day. Right. Maybe even like, you know, maybe even more. I know when you get down to those certain things, if you're not like Nobel Peace Prize or whatever, there's a checklist. It's like three of the ten or whatever it was. Can you like... When someone gets through the process, I know when you put certain questions in, you have people coming in. Are you able to put certain things in there that would cut people out so they're actually really qualified, ready to go, opposed to somebody bringing stuff up? A list of people is great, but a list of non-people is not good. Right. So... So, yeah, so one is, let me see if there's any here. So let me explain it this way. Let me explain it this way. So this is our own internal tool that goes with the LinkedIn profile, stuff like that. It'll go look on the internet, find them and qualify them with a score, right? So you see this one, you have to put it manually, right? Like I'd have to type it in and put it in menu. Now there's a version of that that's already put into here. So every day, It goes through the new ones and scores them like they went and put it in manually. It sweeps through and it creates a score. So even by two weeks by now, even the Facebook ads and metal ads, as those come in, it'll automatically do that too. And then produce them a score. See, this is not the one that we're looking for. Does it pull out the ones that are in range? Yeah, we can toggle it. So like, yeah, candidate scores. So let's not use a fine tuning because it looks like some of them are not getting on there. But thirty five is actually pretty high. What would you like to see? What's the what's the bar for you? I don't like that question. Have you set up like SOPs for all this stuff? Statements of process, standard operating procedures, standard operating procedures. Yeah. As you get bigger, probably you have to do those. Well, I mean, I got to do it now because, like, obviously, this section, this is all this is for, this is for, because I need to go back and see, like, what's actually working. What's supposed to happen is this shouldn't be, this shouldn't be empty. So there's some problem. Is that a computer problem or a manual problem? This is maybe, this is a... Computer programming problem? It is a computer programming problem. So somehow... It's not her problem? No, no, she's not doing that. No, so what's happening is there's an automation that's supposed to... There's a trip up somewhere. There's a trip up. So I'm about to hit them up now. Oh, so that's not a special people. I thought that she was putting them in, but there's, she's not doing something that's causing that. Not the popular, because some are, some aren't right. Which is interesting. Why are some working? Why aren't others? It's my question. Yeah. So I'm going to email computer. Don't think like that. They don't stop. They don't stop. You know what this person, they don't think they just do. Right. So that's probably a developer issue or like, you know, the tool issue, like, you know, I want to, you know, label call things. Cause like I'm at the sentence to him and this, my guy, where's your developer? This one for this particular one, he's in Nigeria. But I'm like, I'm about to take a time out and just hit him up real quick. Are they affordable in Nigeria? Because I know India is probably the cheapest and they work their asses off. But I know there's one that Kosovo used to use in another company. That's great. And it's nice to have developers all over the world that are accessible twenty four hours a day, which is nice. But this is like this is like one like like I know they've been working for. like two years now so this is my guy um i'll say like you serve the money you pay them is so great for them but it's actually pretty cheap for us to pay my husband this is in america with evaluation scores we just need the api for the evaluation tool to run once or twice a day to make sure um uh they all get evaluated yeah you have to hit the reading license No, not yet. I heard that you'll know for sure. Yeah, you do. Cause I was looking at my phone. What the fuck's going on? I was like, Oh my God, it's here. Yeah. So. I'm like this. So what happens like this is supposed to be evaluated and based on this, that's going to affect how the trip comes out, whether it be like the automated email campaign that comes in or the duck soup campaign that goes in to them. Right. So people that. So now if somebody is below score, they can still get sold the the accelerator program. So I'm like, hey, you could be good for an old one, but you'd have to do the accelerator program. Now, that's fine if they do that, but we really want people that are ready to go and get like this cash, you know, for like the ten grand. So it's not like it's popular to drop them off if they're less than a certain percentage, but it's... Yeah, but it's like a different thing and they're not like top... They're not, they're not taught what we want. Yeah, we can still monetize it by going through the profile building program, which is two thousand a month, minimum twelve months. So it's like a twenty four thousand dollar commitment and it includes two oh one violence. Now you don't have like, so you might go a little bit through it and we're like, okay, let's go follow one. So we can get, you know, you might get through, but you might not if it doesn't look good. We'll pull that one, work on you, and then file again. So for that price, it includes regular processing filing fees to get two O-one filings. Now, you might not need them, but you have that that you can get. How do other firms charge for the same thing you do? Obviously, you know the landscape pretty well. People go more expensive and less expensive, or you're in the ballpark? That's probably the same, but they don't do it as petitioners. If you do it through a law firm, they're probably only going to do it through one employer. They don't do the agent-based stuff. They don't help with your itinerary and stuff like that. Similar price, but you give more... Right. Okay. Yeah. We have way more, way more value and probably more accurate at the clip since like all we do is a once, like we don't really do H one B's and all that type of stuff. Are you the only attorney in the practice? No. I, so we have like contractor ones, like when stuff gets out and then what technically the one in, um, and kid, he's an attorney, um, and stuff like that. That's a lot on your shoulders. If you were the only attorney, that would be rough. Yeah. But, When you do it as yourself, you're allowed to file a visa for yourself. You don't necessarily have to have an attorney to file a one visa as a talent agency. You have to do to represent an individual person. But right now, it's like it's kind of like internally we're internally putting these visas on behalf of like our our talent clients. OK. Yeah. I mean, obviously legal expertise does add value, but it's not. It's a bonus, but it's not necessary. No. Yeah, since we're doing it internally. And also, since we're doing it internally, we can litigate if we have to. We don't have to go find another company or something like that, another attorney, to go litigate if USCIS does really bad on a case. People feel it's a comfort food. Yeah. They don't have to feel more comfortable with you, even if it doesn't mean anything. Yeah. If something happens, it's better. Wait, hold on a second. Yes, we are exploring using Apps Script to send the information to NA before something else gets in the way. I will look into this as soon as possible. All right, that's all I can answer. Who's writing that? That's the one in Nigeria. So he's good to go. All right. So there we are. We went over the candidate sheet. So this so that's the one that are coming through the LinkedIn. And then these ones are like like on our Web site, we also we obviously have like intake sheets and stuff like that. So when somebody says they're interested or if somebody just happens to come through our website, they get put to this list, which is more of an active list. These are people that are actively like, yes, I express interest and things of that nature. And then they go to another ATS. Now, do you look for a certain – I know ageism is always a problem there, right? Are you looking for, age doesn't matter with these things, because older people have a lot more research done, but are you looking for young students, like, a much better pool for you, or does it matter? Young students, like, they'll probably be, they don't usually have the awards and stuff like that to get going, unless they're, like, PhD students. Because Pune is, like, the hot technical hub in India now. They're all, like, it's weird, because, like, the whole thing with, like, extended families, like, they don't leave their family, because it's hard, but a lot of families are letting their Children go to school in Pune. We opened up an office there when I was with this company, Flow. So I'm like, yeah, it's interesting. But I didn't know if you were like, because someone's forty-five there, but they've been really, really established. Now, they have to come through America to be on an L-one visa, obviously. They're not going to stay in India. But who would come in forty-five, fifty years old from India? Probably nobody. Like, you know, when I get to like those people that are looking, they have family that's here and they're ready to go. so it does come up i'll learn more about it because obviously i'm not i don't know the whole answer it's a lot i mean it's a lot to i have so many questions which is it's so cool i really do like it yeah we're here for it so this is the one where um like we're tracking like because we have multiple brands stuff like that so this is where we're tracking um the real kind of like hot ones So these are the ones that were considered like, okay, they really like said they're interested in this really starts the, um, we have an automatic followup system. That's like AI generated based on their previous conversation. That's keep stuff going. Cause like, this is going to be like a volume thing. You know what I mean? Especially as all the stuff like turns on, but that's kind of like how the ATS works. So there's automatic like followup. Um, but I'll show you where things are. Do people complain about too much automation? Cause it's not human touch. Not yet. that's the only way to find out you know yeah but it's like you know it's easy to kind of turn on at all templates where do you keep all your templates uh okay they're um well these uh these particular ones still like they're like like collab script i have a free website for templates too which is really easy it attaches to your ats here keep it on my bar where you keep as many as you want for free. LinkedIn has them, but it's built into the LinkedIn. Oh, right, right. So you just go and copy and paste and put it in? Yeah, you just make one basic one for outreach, and you would make it clear, make one up, and you'd say, I like this or do this. And then every outreach, even a follow-up, referrals, you can make personalized ones for each one. And it's so easy because... And also your Gmail. And the little thing pops up in the body of your Google emails. So you just click on there and you get access to your templates immediately. If you want to send an email follow-up to somebody, you do it so many times, it's just, you know, how many times do you have to go outside of the Google Doc, get it, find it, copy and paste it. But with that little thing, when you're writing an email, it pops up automatically in every email. So it's really efficient. Does that make sense? I'll think of a name. I'll think of all the little things out there, just really good shortcuts. And the way you move fast, that's the thing you can cut those times down and do more efficient things that affect the things. That does make sense. Speed is the thing, because it's volume-based business. Okay, so now I'll get into kind of the things that we're seeing in LinkedIn. So I'm probably going to like, I was supposed to do it today. Hopefully I will do it today. It's kind of update the script to include more information up, up front, but like we're getting pretty good click on it. Uh, click rate where people saying that they're, that they're here. This guy looks pretty young. Thanks for Nick. Cause this for around ten, ten AM. So like the way like this works is like, I'm not calling them back. Like at ten, like I'll probably. Like, you know, even, like, if you're active, like, I'll get somebody that's just, like, decent enough to, like, call them back and actually schedule you. Does that make sense? Because if they say, like, they're going to call at, you know, ten a.m., usually what we're doing is we're sending them a link that allows them to schedule with me. Yeah, Cal A. What do you use for messaging? Slack? That's a powerhouse. But what do you use to communicate with your teammates or your workers? Google chat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But so just showing like stuff that's happening. So like, you know, John Lynn only goes in like once, once a day and like goes and responds to these like for me and just, you know, I, I have like a chat GPT thing that she uses. Like, she'll just go take this and put it in. Cause I don't necessarily trust her to come up with herself. Like what to say. a template for her to use. And again, she clicks on it, plugs it in, boom, she's done. And suggestion, not a, you could basically, when you meet somebody, you can send them like for my Calendly. Right, right. And you do nothing but send it out to people, you know, and eventually, you know, and I know you say you don't trust them, but you need to trust people. Not yours, you need to find people you can trust because the hardest thing with entrepreneurs I've found out They want to control their baby their whole life. And that's the problem. That's the biggest problem is farming it out to other people because you're used to running the show and it's great. But if you want to expand, you got to get your hands off the baby. Yep. And if you don't like my own boss, he's a fucking asshole, but he made millions of dollars, but he just talked about going, uh, getting shares out and ever, but he would, Everybody on the panel, I set a panel so you can always rotate people on your team and everyone put a thumbs up and feedback. No one can see feedback until the next, he interviews someone, then you can see people's feedback. Because people would change their feedback when you saw the CEO didn't like somebody and you just merged with the herd because you don't want to go out on a limb. But guess what? The CEO, if everyone liked him, he's an unliked person and you back the square one. It's like empower your people to make mistakes. What do mistakes do? You learn from those. But you want people to have honest opinions. So it's just, you know, One of those things. Yeah, I mean, it's hard, man. You know, when you make a thing and one wrong person out there, you know, representing you could tumble investments. It's not, it's no joke. Yeah, I don't, you know, I've learned and been through enough of that that I don't really look at it like that. No, she just maybe someone who's just a little bit quirky, you like her, but you just don't trust her. Well, she doesn't speak English yet, but that's just all. And then she's more of like, she's not a creative thinker at all. It's more like, you know, I know who she is. You give her tasks that are time consuming, but you trust her with those and that's all she does. Yeah. So like what I'm doing now is like I'm taking these I'm responding to them. I'm taking these conversations and putting them here so then I can make a new script that makes that. But yeah, so if they had a different calendar, like the way I want it, when you do these catalogs, I want it whenever they go to schedule, it should be always putting the link in front of them so they have an opportunity to educate themselves and see the price. You know what I mean? Before they even like commit to taking the call. I do. Yes. Are you familiar with the pricing? Oh, yeah. Don't assume they know anything. They're probably saying yes. to make believe. But yeah, to put that up front, if they get scared and run away, let them run. Because you don't want to waste your time. Schedule a call with us and see the website. Oh, shoot. I'm a two-finger pecker when I do it. Yeah. I try to learn it, so it's rough. It is getting kind of more difficult. Crazy types of people. He's faking it, but it's crazy. But he's got a million dollars on my manager's financial fund. So it's crazy. But he's a guy that has so much money in the bank, but he's missed out on his kids so much. And I feel bad because he's just one of those workers. It's crazy. You're the richest, but your kids don't know you. You win. You win. He's the one who's retiring. I'm going to No, I like working, but not them. I love working too. That's why right now it sucks when I work because I don't know how to do nothing. I don't like it because, oh, enjoy yourself. I don't know what the weekends are. Today I have to go to St. Tuesday. I'm like, I don't know what day it is. I need to do something. They're all the same, right? There's no pressure on me, by the way. I feel like... This person, we actually got them to fill out the intake sheet, like, on a link. They got, like, a score of a thirty five, which is actually pretty good. They've had, like, multiple awards and stuff. So. I sent a message saying, like, yeah, you're really good. I think you can get a one now. I make sure I put the thing in front of so they can see the price and I'm having ten thousand. It sounds like nothing to us Americans, but that's that's it seems like you get pushed back a lot on the price in India. I mean, I don't know. Like, the price is what it is. We're not going to do, like, we have forehand. Like, we have to change markets. We change markets. But I don't know. I don't really look at, like, pushback. There's, you know, like, H-one Bs, like, a lot of people think, oh, my God, like, my friend does H-ones. He's fluent in Spanish, Italian, like, a whole bunch of languages. But he said, Brad, he goes, the typical H-one people think of, like, someone who's, like, poor. He goes, I do very high-end H-ones. So people that are wealthy bring family members over. So he goes, they pay anything. They got a Yeah, some of them have, yeah. And they bring people they know. So even those scientists and stuff, PhDs, they have money they've had from papers and other things and residuals. Please. Yeah, they say a lot, too. Please use this link. Get familiar with us. I can only imagine how much fucking money you're losing in the fucking messages. Like, I know. It says, yes, tell me. If you don't see it, you know, you get buried. Right. So obviously, like, they got on one, I guess, John Lennon didn't get to it. But I think she's usually pretty good about once a day getting to them. Yes, please. Thank you for being with us. It. Oh. I want them to fill out the thing, but I want to present it as a tool. As a pre-screening? I want to say pre-screening. As a gift. As a thank you. Here's something as a token of our appreciation. I like that. What are you giving them? What is it? What are you sending them? So like, here's a free tool to get an honest evaluation of where you are. There's a free tool we offer to candidates like yourself to have, you know, yeah, definitely. Everyone likes to feel like they're getting something. Just in nature. Yeah. You don't want to be like a used car seller. You used to be charged for this, but you're today, you know, it's free Wednesdays and Thursdays free Fridays. We want to make it as easy as possible. So here's a free tool we give out to help you help accelerate the process. Mm-hmm. Yes. What do I sign off? I feel like that's the right link. Let me make sure. That's it. It's a great way. To confirm. For yourself. All in all, the business development is going pretty good as far as like responsibility. It's just a matter of like, are we getting people that can afford it? But the hardest part is getting the candidates. The easy part is getting to them with people. You just need people to help them. Because like I said, the hardest part you've done, that's the problem. Now you're like a victim of your own success. I just sent you, it's called briskeen.com. That's the free template site. And then metaview.io is the AI thing. The briskeen is the one you built? No, briskeen is the free template thing. So like I said, if you're in your email, you use Gmail. When you type, if you pull up your email thing, you, the little briskeen icon will pop up inside the email and then you hit the email and it pulls up all your templates. Okay. So you can grab it and pick it. So for your whole company, you can make emails for, for her. for let's say me, for anybody, your guy and whatever, and like, build them for each person, the verbiage you want for each part of your business. And that's how you can control the verbiage, what goes out. I don't like to, my business, I don't like to leave anything for anybody for their interpretation or run it by me so I can see it. Because So this one's like, Hey, I'm looking, I'm looking to build my profile. Maybe I'll be ready for this in a couple of years. So this one, we should send them the one. So like, Hey, like we have, um, you know, please check out our profile building program. It only takes. Is that the talent pool? Uh, that's the one where they build their profile. Yeah. And say, please sign up for the talent pool. We have companies like name all the great companies. He may be interested. If you look at the profile, you can see what they do in their past. Yeah. Name the ones that hit a sweet spot and say, look, all these companies have access to our free talent pool. It's not bad. They can look at you and in a couple of years, we will get, you know, then they'll sign up for it. I got to build that platform. I need to do that this weekend. Is that why? Listen, building it, you can build it and just have a repository blank. You can say that and people look at it. He doesn't know if no one looks at it. I'm going to have a website to buy this weekend, even though I code it like myself. You can make a website for cheap and just have it where he can drop it in, where he thinks he's dropping it into a place where Meta's looking at it. But guess what? He don't know Meta. all right but at least don't drop out no like yeah yeah so when we when i build that part i'm definitely going to have it to where the companies you work with in the past and stuff are going to be there because like we do have plenty of successful msx the math company you know and by the way if you have someone like myself or anybody you could ask the candidates by the way if they sign up whatever Are you okay if we drop you in our talent pool? We can manually do it if they say yes. And then we ask them what companies they're interested in. Then we can just go to those companies. Listen, people that don't want to go the extra steps, if you find somebody who's a little bit delayed in answering, take the initiative to say, hey, listen, we have people sign up for a talent pool it's helpful these companies look at these things all day long it's free to them do you mind if we drop you in the talent poll because even though you're not looking right now we can have somebody look in there and inquire to us maybe at the time you're interested maybe you know somebody but can we do that sure that's because they want to be in it but they don't want to fill out the forms so you drop them in because guess what we'll fill all these people in there put them in and guess what once your repository is filled enough then you're comfortable opening up to the companies but until then drop everybody yeah drop everybody and you know if you have somebody in there that maybe so like what we'll do is like we'll have that automation like an automation right that like ask them that and then we'll click something here that'll automatically add them to that talent pool and they'll clue they'll include their highlights they'll have like you know i'm not gonna put their link and if you drop them in you don't ask them put non-active but feel free to inquire. Because even if you have someone who looks great, it's great looking. And if they ask you, say, they're not ready on there, but feel free to inquire anyway, because something may turn the corner. You need numbers. You don't need active people. You just need a lot of numbers. It's like on LinkedIn, I'll take a fucking janitor and connect with them if they ask me. No one sees. But it makes me have twenty, thirty thousand followers or has twenty thousand in my little cohort. But I don't care. If it's a bot, follow me, Mr. Bot. I don't give a shit. They can't access anything. No, it's a numbers game. Maybe if they have twenty thousand people that are not even useful to me, I still would number twenty thousand. That makes me look good. Perception is everything as well. It sure is. Where is this guy? His name is Abinay. That sounds like Pakistan or India. Hi, sir. That's a student. Oh, we're further down than that. so i'm just looking for the people that um hit me back see i wonder if you could ever like that's the thing you have so many things right could you ever like you can't export it but i wonder if linkedin had some kind of tool where you could put the buzzwords in the messages of like interested or send me like so you can extract them all as like a You know what I mean? Like, wouldn't that be cool if you can do that? Like, if you can have, like, a thing you build, like a scrubber to, like, an API to scrub it and, like, an appliance to put on top of LinkedIn, you should make that. Right, yeah. Because all your messages, if you ever fall behind, you're screwed. Yeah. And if you can ever, like, put in there, like, scrub my messages for the word interested or ready to go, you know what I mean? Like, little quotes. I don't know if they do that. A company must do that. Well, that sounds basic, right? And if I see you on Shark Tank with it, I'm going to kill you. I'm just telling you. Like, Sherrod, he's the newest, like, the ring guy who, like, walked away. Like, you walk away from him. Sherrod, you just block my calls with this fucking guy. Well, I was up there. You're up there, too. I'm sorry. Yeah. You saw my message. Please, I'm not taking your money today, by the way. I don't want your money. I'm here to help you guard this. Oh, I appreciate you. Dude, Pitt's had a monster yesterday. has finally figured out how to be a real pro because he's got so much talent and it's like the kirk cousins thing kirk cousins knows how to feed somebody the ball um pennix he's great but i don't think he knows how to utilize and pitts just had a monster hopefully because he's too good roddy white it took him three years to become a monster and What's his name? The running back. What's his name? He said three years. Usually it's three years when someone really figure out how to be a pro because the game is so goddamn fast. But I like Kyle Pitts. I try to trade for him in fantasy dynasty leagues, but I think he's figured it out. And Montana, and what's his name? Montana and the other guy who played for the quarterback. What's his name? Joe. Montana and the other guy. So the package is pretty great stuff. I'm trying to find, there's two people that have two specific cases I can show. So like people that are here, there's one that was here and they had a specific problem. Okay. So here's two. Sunita Mudukuri is on EB-II-NIW. So she's already here and she has an O-I Improved. So she has her own firm registered in the US. which she petitioned for. She wants her O-one. She petitioned her O-one. She wants to build her profile for EB-A through our help and has friends that are looking for the same. So like one thing is like, so this would be a person that would be for the accelerator program. And so we just, you know, sell them the accelerator program. When did she write to you? I mean, this is just as I already respond to her, but I'm just going to get this on the transcript of people that are already have a whole one because, like, you know, as we're doing this, we're coming against new situations that we think about. So this person, they'd have to wait many years for the ABC. And then a national interest waiver. So they usually, if you have an EV too, you have to have a sponsor, a company sponsor you. But if you have a national interest waiver, that means it's in the best interest of the United States that you'd be allowed to get this green card, even though you don't have a job. But the thing is, if you're from India, it's going to take you Seventy years for them to actually give it to you. So that's why she wants to switch to one now. So what we're looking to say to her is like, hey, you might be eligible for a one. I mean, a one or one a already because I haven't seen her profile. So she shows us her one visa petition. We can maybe be like, oh, we think that you're good for anyone. She set up her own petition. No, I don't know. I don't know who did her own. But she do it herself. Is it hard? It's hard. What is her specialty? I think she's like a nano data scientist. Like an engineer? That's hardcore. She's in the weeds deeply. Now, this person is approved for an EB-A, but it's taking a long time, so they're looking for an opportunity. I thought that was the fastest one. It is fast, but she's still got to wait for it. If she wants to come now... She's not in the country. No, she's out of the country. These are white glove people. You've got a white glove by now. so looking for an opportunity so she basically wants a job and get definite offers then she will decide to go for the o one okay now so what i'm gonna say is well okay you can be in that in our portal like so we can put her in the job portal that's why i came up the idea of the job portal because her so i'm like oh yeah we're gonna have a portal where we say you're active like you said now generally i want to charge for that be like okay you can be in the portal like we'll say like there's a charge for it but we're like we'll give it to you for free like yeah fine we'll put you in a portal for free because we need people in there anyway but ideally there'd be a charge for it. And if we're charging for it, we can put an automation in Duck Soup that automatically goes, looks for employers and stuff. Or we can hire an agent that goes and calls employers and does recruiting. I can shop around. So like to get shopped around, my thing is like, I'll charge a hundred dollars a month for that. But if not, I'll tell her like, we'll put you in the profile. I mean, in the job portal profile and say you're active, like he said. And so then we can go to employers anyway. Because we can get paid when she gets placed much more than what you're paying for the old one. And if you place her to get a replacement fee, the agency, twenty percent of her salary was normal. Yeah, but we might even charge more since they're not having to pay for a visa. So, yeah, I got you because I know placement fees have gone down. Everyone's hoarding the market. Ten thousand flat fee, five thousand. You can't get normal twenty, twenty five percent, which we used to. Right. Or you can't even go and retain her anymore. they're worth their weight in gold because that's a research and they get funds and it's crazy and also the h-one-b filing is a hundred thousand dollars if not here and it takes a long time yeah let's see if this works this is leads for what so you got coming in from everywhere you're like incoming incoming i hate to see you losing money in that uh in the messages because that's that's like yeah you've planned all this stuff and now you're just you just gotta hire people to clean it up. Right. So that's what we have. I guess we'll go to the question and answer portion. What questions you got? I mean, to be honest, I'm overloaded. Okay, got you. I figured as much. No, no, it is. Listen, I love it because my brain hasn't thought or thought ahead or think, you know, but um that's why I want to take this like now you see why I want to take this conversation and break it down into like like an actual like course so if you're like oh this part is this this part is this and then probably by Monday I'll have that the portal will be up for like the job post so that part is in there because I think that was missing because that's what I can use as a tool for the employers to get involved like hey we'll give you free access into the talent pool you can go look at them what I would say is that again I strategize I don't I think for you and for me, progressing-wise, I think the biggest problem I see is not the technology side. I think you've got it. I think you only have X amount of time to give to this, and I think you're at the max. I think you've done the hard work. You've put the blood, sweat, and tears in. I think money on the table, you've got to get that monetized because money cures. Your hard work is great. You put it in. You're blood, sweat, and tears and all things. To get this, a job description is fine, but that probably should be fluid for now like you're you're you want to get everything done and get it complete because that's your mindset that's awesome like you're a smart guy but i think you ever hear the kiss philosophy give us something get like hypothetically i'm not being that guy let's just fast forward let's say you're hiring me okay because we're not here for you know we had a great meeting and i loved it i'm really optimistic but i'm not guaranteeing anything this stuff Get a description of maybe a bullet or two that's simple, that I can digest, because I can learn things quickly. But everything today, it's very hard for me to grasp it all at once. I like, the way to learn for anybody is don't overwhelm anybody. Because I'm smart, and I'm up to the horn. I'm smart. You're smarter than me, but the technology, but I'm smart. The monetizing stuff, teach me how to get a point where you can trust me You'll tell me how to qualify these people. I'll get the questions. We'll go through chat. I'll make questions. You can give me them. We'll clear them out. When I ask these people questions that are interesting because they're hot leads. They're not like cold calls. I don't waste cold calls. I'm going to go through the hot leads. As long as I approach them, I'm kind. I'm mindful. I have. knowledge, because knowledge is key. You trip up on one question, they don't think, these are smart people. If you trip up the first call, they're gone. They go to the next person. But they're here in your portal. They're there until they're not. And the only thing they're going to do is the mouthpiece on the first line of defense. So if I can get them on the phone and say, hey, listen, I'm really glad you called. We've been doing this for a while. I just joined the firm. I've heard it's a great company. They will spoon-feed you everything. We just want constant communication. We're going to send you a tool. We want to make sure that everything you fill out, it's a little cumbersome up front, but the more you fill out, the more detailed, the easier it is for both of us to get where we want to go. And you start communicating with them. You build that trust. That's my jam. Like the trust is key. Once you, once I build trust with them and sell your firm, you want to give me stats of how many people you've done. Any famous people? Listen, this is when you're two years old, right? And then, Hey, you've done clinical trials. Every placement you have, if someone's doing like research for something, I'm going to ask you, can you give me, how many people can you give me in that realm of science? How many people can I say? Like you've had four people from John Hopkins. Now, if you're friendly with certain people, I'd ask those people, hey, John, or hey, whatever. And if they're friendly, hey, can I use you as a reference? So I'm talking to a PhD guy and say, listen, I have somebody named whatever. Now, I'm going to try to use an Indian if they're Indian because there's a common bond there. Yeah. But one thing is you have like the celebrities, like, you know, like, so for India, like we can refer to the athletes, like Suresh Raina, like Michael Jordan. And some people are not accessible. But if you say to somebody, look, if I need you to be a reference only in certain aspects, if someone really wants, they say, Hey, do you have any references? Like, You want to build the credibility. You just go and smoke this one. They're smart and they'll sniff it out. But if you can build the credibility, say, look, I can get some money for you, but we've placed five people in your niche because now there's extra credibility. Now they're perking up. So look, then the money, have you looked over the pricing? Is everything okay? Any issues? I'm a sales guy. You extract the information. Now it's on meta. So when you watch it, you can watch the interview. You can view it too. And you can read the verbiage. Some people are auditory. Some are more Yeah. So bottom line is we can have sit down of all the things, a couple of catch up, whatever, or once, you know, once a week you could sit down with me and we can go through discovery falls, whatever. And if I'm doing something wrong, rip it apart. I got thick skin, man. I'm from Jersey. I'm good, but I'm here to help you. But that as much as it's Tom Corny, I know you now that fucking bothers me that you're losing money because you're too good of a person. You're too smart of a person. I think you're running too fast. and you're leaving things behind. And the only thing stopping you is not hiring me. That's what I'm saying. This is not rocket science. It's just, I think we need to smell the roses. Everything's in place. There's not much you have to do. The only reason why you're working your ass off is because you're trying to catch up to all the stuff. But this is stuff I can, if I took this off your plate and money was coming in, you'd be like, man, I'm so fucking happy I hired him. Or I'm so happy I hired someone And then the woman you have over there, craft a business development rec for her only, and then hire other people like her when her job gets overwhelming. So they can just keep going back. And then you have three different recs, a business development one, business development two, let's say a business development three. Then once I'm doing those and you're catching up to a point, because let's say I never catch up, that's a blessing. But then you maybe need another person, I can become a lead, train somebody under me to do that as well, then I can say, you see, you know what, I like what you're doing. Guess what? Now that person takes the reins of that and I do something more incentive, something for you that you want me to do. Once you start taking stuff off, then you get back to actually lead the company in a much different direction. You know what I mean? In the weeds is fine, but I'm just telling like, I've owned my own company. I have a tech startup that we had. We sold it to a company called Transit in Israel for five million bucks. I never got a penny because the company in Israel, the founders are just idiots. Like they didn't, you know, Grant Cardone. No. Ten X, whatever. It's an incubator. They fucking screw us. But it's called Drop It. I came up with a thing. My friend had a rare lung disease and he left to go back home and he's on oxygen twenty four seven now. And he was like, fuck, I don't need those tubes today. And I was like, there's no delivery companies. I pick up personal items. If you're in the airport, you forget this in like, let's say the Delta, whatever, whatever room. I'm like, we have a company that'll pick that up. It'll be insured by us. And we can tap into all the drivers like Uber, DoorDash. They don't have all business all the time. We can drop and we can give the incentive to these companies like Uber to We insure it, they have nothing, but the drivers are still getting work. So we have the dry cleaners, we met with the whatever, like, sixty thousand, they don't have the gig, they don't tap into them. But we have to raise money for them, but when Israel went to war, they were all in war. So I got two point five million waiting for you, and I'm like, I need the money to do that, but again, it's... Well, you get it, like, I guess when the war's over now. no these guys did nothing so one guy bought the company for six hundred fifty we had a whole like two hundred fifty million no six hundred fifty thousand was like stressed he bought he stole it and this guy all we need to do is we need to build a um not a poc we need a um an mvp built because they have the technology built in israel it's not an app but it's built So we need to have somebody work with the Israeli developers in Israel are amazing. That's one of the markets that we're looking at getting people to come here. My buddy, Ron, who's in the VC world in New York, he's got, he's, he's Orthodox. He's big, pretty much. He's lives in Brooklyn. He's tapped into the Israeli market. I need to have your guy, Rafael too. Oh yeah. I can tap you into Ron. He's brilliant. And he can probably get you in touch with developers or any of the tech people. So he doesn't want to deal with them because they're a pain in the asses, but they work harder than anybody in Israel, but they're also brutal to work with, but. We need to hire somebody here. He's going to be like a minded. So he's going to tell the owner of it and say, listen, like he needs to put up more money, like probably three, four and a thousand more. Yeah. Because if we get a trickle here of revenue, then we can start making money because you can't go to investors and say, Hey, cause they had six million in revenue of transit because Ace Hardware was their only client, but it dried up with the war. So now we're like, fuck these people with transit because they bought our company. We have to raise revenue. We raise millions. We get our money out like seventy five per seventy five stock and the rest in cash. But I can't I don't get any money out. So it's for you. I'm just saying, like, you know, man, look, if you want to do this, I'd love to meet other people and nobody. But I think I can help you. I think so, too. And I think personality wise, listen, I went through the pandemic, but I noticed with startups like you, people hire people. that they like, they got along with. And if you feel like someone can be trained, even if they didn't meet the bar of a job, people more apt to hire people they like and could have fun with. Because you can, you can listen, I can learn everything you do, not the technology, but I'm, I've led, I've led, you know, teams. I've never managed people per se, but I've always was a lead because I was always good at knowledge transfer and stuff. So if the money thing I can clean up for you, I'll start with something simple and then lay everything on me and then I can help grow in the company for you and you can bring people on and I can take the training out. But you have to have these modules of training built. Yes, I'm going to do it. Because once you have these simple job descriptions, but I know you were ready. Don't try to make a business development rec that looks great for you because you don't need it right now. Right, right. I need to need this to convert to money. That's the thing. With the money, you can hire more employees. Right. You can hire an efficiency expert. I don't need much. If I was just getting five a week, that's fine. Excuse my language. Slow the fuck down. You know what I mean? You're getting ready. You know what I mean? Bottom line is, listen, I don't tell people how to run their business, but I see you as somebody that is... Now, you could... Listen, right now what you're doing is helping humans with a really, really, really amazing problem. You're circumventing the H-ones pretty much, but you're also helping people get here and do stuff, and it's going to help people solve. That AI stuff is going to save lives. People are scared of it. So you know what? I think getting out of the law industry is great, but having the degree, people say, oh, it's not worth it. You've got to look. No, it's worth it because it does. You can always go back to it or help. intellectual property stuff you know what law did you practice what kind of law was it uh is it taking us though yeah yeah no it's fine it's all good um well like I did contracts like so now like I have like general counsel for like three like private clients um one's like a cricket league but he also owns like he's trying to open casinos and stuff one is a pharmaceutical rep like pharmaceutical distribution company stuff like that so I have like three friends I like to keep I'd rather have three clients um she's a defense attorney now i'm not so good in the federal government go ahead no no what i'm about to do with it is uh i'm working on getting um licensed in dc federal court so i have like some denials that i have on the town agency side but i'm going to go like litigate those crazy because like i really don't care yeah you need somebody to sponsor you you need basic ts no no no not that type of question you need an attorney that's already admitted that knows you for a year to basically tap you on the shoulder and tap you in Like, you can't, even though I'm licensed in D.C., you have to get a federal court-licensed attorney to do that. I have a patent lawyer I think I know in D.C. I need a patent lawyer, too. Because, like, I need, like, so with that one, it's... I may not know how to do it. And most patent lawyers do it in D.C. I'm going to do it right because I go to litigate. That makes sense. Yeah, I need one of those. I'm joking. No, I don't know. So what are you doing now? I'm going to go to my cousin's house so that I can run up out of here. But I'll tell you, the next one, when I come back, we're going to have you. I'm dry now. But when I come back, I will not eat. Whatever you want. Listen, I'm cool. We'll go drink some bourbon. I go to Belpatch. I'm a weed guy. I'm edible, smoky, whatever. I'm not a big drinker. Bourbon? Give me some bourbons. I don't know if I'm a drinker. Mictors, Woodford Reserve, Basil Hayden. Jack Daniel's is whiskey? That's whiskey from Tennessee. Oh, yeah. I'm like a Jack Fire, like simple whiskey. Oh, okay. I'm not like people that take like a thing of like. They got a dispensary around the corner. This is pretty good. Yeah. And look, I'll have a drink. I'll drink some drinks, but I drink a few drinks of two hundred and thirty pounds. I'll drink and I'll get buzzed pretty quick. But yeah, I mean, look, man, you're coming down. When again? It should be down here the second week of January. We'll have a company party? Yeah, there we go. Do you need to help me with anything? No, no, I'm good. Are you walking out? Yeah. All right, so I'll walk out. I'm not in no rush, man. I put it for four hours, so I guess I'll put it through the portal of my reimbursement. Yeah, there you go. Dude, I'm really happy you came because that, you know, everyone says, oh, yeah, you know, I remember the Zoom, but there's nothing like it. Nothing like it. No, man. It gives me, you know, puts a face to you. It's just a corny corn, but it's old school. It should be like this. What part of Georgia are you from? Old Bridge. It's right by East Brunswick, Marlborough, and Alabama. Okay, I've been to East Brunswick. It's about thirty minutes outside Manhattan. In the middle of the city. One of my best friends when I was in college is from New Jersey. Somerset. Okay. I had another one from Teaneck. I went to F.U. Madison. Teaneck and Rutherford is the Division I campus of Fairview Dickinson.