All right, we're in module two, so called, what are we doing here? And the first thing I'm gonna do is just kind of go through the three main things we sell. And the reason why we're selling this is because H-Bs are hell to deal with. For one, only twenty percent of the new cases get even allowed to be approved. And then there's going to be a hundred thousand dollar fee for people that aren't already in the United States to come in and do this. Then also a lot of people get stuck in their jobs that they might not even want to be in because they're stuck with an H-I-B to an employer. This O-I allows you to have multiple employers, allows you to do your own business. It just has a lot of stuff that outflexes the H-I-B. Now we serve two types of people. We serve people that are already eligible for O-one and we serve people that need to get eligible for O-one. So the people that are eligible for O-one, we have this, the O-one ready agent filing program to which we generally charge ten thousand. Now, if they say I don't have ten thousand, then they can do twelve thousand. And what we do is they can pay at least two thousand a month. But we're not pushing we're not filing the visa. until they until it's all the way paid out. Now, it is flexible, though, because the first month are paid out the full twelve for a lot to pull the full twelve. OK, now it can be on a case by case. Like once we get to know them, we can say like, hey, we might send it out because at the end of the day, we hold their visas. So like if they don't pay, we can just revoke it. Right. And at the end of the day, like they're there. How about this? So what we'll say is like once they get the half, it can be filed. But if they don't pay, then we're rescinding the filing. That's how we'll protect ourselves on that. Do they lose the money if we rescind it? Is there like a contract where they don't lose it? Yeah, they don't get it back. No, they don't. Yep. And then if they don't pay, like, we can rescind it. Now, the ten thousand, like, you know, it includes their petition fees. It'll include getting put in that portal that we're making to do the job interest matching. It includes the itinerary help, things of that nature, but it doesn't include filing fees. So they'll need to choose where they want to do the regular or the premium processing. The regular processing costs a thousand eighty five to do and usually takes four to six months to get a decision. And then premium processing is like the same as H-B. They get that in fifteen business days or less decisions. And that costs thirty six, thirty five. And that's on top of the twelve. Yep. That's the final fee. So when is that? When is that due? That's due when it's sent in to the government. And we don't touch it. It's like we send them a credit card form. They put information on the credit card form, and then it goes in. We try not to touch filing fees at all. So it's not even like we try to collect it unless we have to. Now, in case they have some type of issue to where they can't provide the credit card, then we can take a wire plus a service fee, which is like three hundred dollars to send it in. But in general, we're trying to avoid sending filing fees ourselves because USCIS is pretty unpredictable when they take it out and stuff like that. We're not an accounting firm. We don't want to make a full-time business of tracking down filing fees. I let my dogs out because they're going to bark in my ear. Oh, that's no problem. Yeah, go ahead. I'll pause it. I'll be back soon. I'm going to go grab something too. All right. I was talking about the filing stuff. Now, one thing is, too, is that if they get denied, what we do is we just do a repackaging fee. So usually it's like five hundred dollars. We'll see what's wrong and then we'll repackage and send it out. So it's not like people are just left there if they don't get the result they want. Because at the end of the day, we are very, very good at what we do, but we're not the people that press the buttons with the government. Right. So we know that people put a lot of effort into this and money. So what we do is we just repackage. We won't charge them the whole thing to send it back out. It's just like five hundred dollars that covers the staff fees and stuff like that to go put it out. And then they just cover their filing fees. But we have a really good assessment program that the people we put out are eligible. Now, the next bucket that's there is for people that are not eligible. And that's where we have the profile building program. And this one is where we have a contractor that we use that's pretty reputable and it's good at getting people up to speed when it comes to being eligible. So they'll deal with them and put them through a course and they have two kind of tiers. One is like a self-guided tier and the other one is a personal one where they deal with like the attorney that's over there. And I guess you like kind of the pricing on that because we just recently made the relationship with them. But I think if they're doing the self-guided one, it's about like six thousand. And then if they are doing the one where they have the attorney involved and it's over like a year, then it's a twelve, twelve thousand. Right now, our focus is on the people that are ready, but we do have this available for the people that aren't. And we actually need to update this website because this is before we made that partnership. So we are going to do it ourselves, but it's going to be much more expensive. which are kind of like here that we see. Do you have the pricing sheets on a form so I can actually have it on my desktop so I can see it as well? Because pulling up in the chat thing, like what's the pricing of this? It's going to pull up a specific number opposed to actually having it in front of me. Because if someone's asking me questions, I got to use chat and get the answer. I'd like to be recalling it right in front of me so I can have rapid answers. No problem. yeah no problem we get that for you no problem we'll get you uh the price sheet um that'll include it by brand and stuff like that so you just have it in front of you just like a little tab whatever print it out and it'll be right there is that what you're talking about like something you can print out and just look at in the beginning in the beginning it's it's if someone's asking me questions it's going to be a little bit of a turnaround time just to say, hey, you know what, chat, what's this? What's that? The person's going to see what I'm doing. If I have the sheet in front of me, I could probably talk through it as a sales guy, as I'm like fun, you know, looking at the camera, whatever, pulling up the sheet and saying, are there any other questions? How about this or this category? And the answers are in front of me. So it's like I can kind of step in the bucket, but have everything in front of me, which is perfect. Okay. All right. Hold on for one second. I'm not, you'll still be here. I'm just pausing the recording because I got to respond to a developer about something. All right. So we just spoke about the services. If somebody is not quite ready for a visa, we're going to clean up these pricing to have it for one that has a non-attorney graded course they can take. Then they could have the attorney guided course they take, and there'll be two prices for each of those. And there'll be like a monthly thing that they can do as well to take advantage of that. And then I think it'll be the case that once they do do it, they'll get a reduced fee on their filing of the O-one visa when they're ready. And then you have like another one, like we have like a kind of expensive one that's like twenty thousand dollars. When what that is, is like, well, you get two filings for that on regular. So it's like we can take you into the process for three months and then file an O one application and see how it goes. If we get like a request for evidence that's aggressive, we can pull that one, see what they said was wrong and then file another visa. So it's like during that time period, you're owed to regular, uh, process filings. And it's done for people that are kind of on the cups. and they know that they need this solution, but it's just like, Hey, we need to go put it out. You might get through the first time. If not, we'll use that feedback to bolster up another application, but it's much less money and more focused than like, you know, you go to an attorney and you're not, you're not qualified. He files anyway, it gets denied. He doesn't want anything to do with you. So then you got to go pay the whole fee and another attorney again, and you hadn't even worked on your, your profile while it was going on. So this program includes work on your profile and to regular processing filings but it is expensive all right and then uh the last one is a very simple tool which is like petitioner service this is for people that just say hey i've already done my o-one application i just need somebody to serve as a sponsor then we charge either two thousand or two hundred fifty a month minimum twelve months uh to make that um to make that happen now and i'm sorry If someone hasn't already applied for it, they did it themselves or if they use another attorney, why wouldn't the other attorney be their petitioner? Attorneys don't do that. OK. Yeah, this is like attorneys just don't do that. Oh, you just do it because you are an attorney, but you don't need your being attorney to do it. No, I have a talent agency. I'm not a law firm. Oh, you just happen to be, ironically, an attorney, but you do it through a talent agency where they're the petitioners, you just aren't an attorney. Okay. I thought it was like you have to be an attorney to do that. No. So technically, the talent agency is filing visas using its own internal system to do it, right? So that's the difference. We don't operate as a law firm. We use our internal, I guess, legal expertise to make it happen, but we're not a law firm. I'm sorry, law firms don't do that. So it's like me being a salesperson, but having a law degree. You don't need it, but you get. You're just flexing a little bit. Yeah, that's right. Something like that. All right. So that is the what are we doing here? So then the next thing I'm going to close this one out and then we'll get into the market. We talk about where are people coming from and how should they be approached? So I'm going to stop this one and then we'll get on the next one.